Releases (#1920)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/user-docs/releases/managing-a-release.md

<!-- TODO: add screenshot? -->

## Publish or unpublish entries

A release includes multiple entries. You can set the state of each entry with the **Publish** and **Unpublish** action buttons. When the release itself is “published” then the desired actions will be simultaneously performed on each entry.

<!-- TODO: re-add when implemented -->
<!-- ## Remove entries from a release

Entries can be removed from a release. To do so, click the three dots **…** at the end of the line of an entry and select the **Remove from release** button. -->

## Publishing a release

Publishing a release means that all the actions (publish or unpublish) defined for each entry included in the release will be performed simultaneously. To publish a release, click the **Publish** button in the top right corner of the admin panel.

:::caution
Once a release is published, the release itself cannot be updated. You can not re-release that specific release with the same group of entries with some modifications; you must create another release.
:::

## Deleting a release

> You can delete a release. Deleting a release will only delete the release itself, but not the content-types included in the release. To delete a release, while on the release page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delete a release. Deleting a release will only delete the release itself, but not the content-type entries included in the release. To delete a release, while on the release page:
```
